Segment 1
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:sponsors --> – Sponsors only { data-toc-label="Sponsors only" } (h3)

The pumping heart symbol denotes that a specific feature or behavior is only
available to sponsors via [Insiders]. Make sure that you have access to
[Insiders] if you want to use the feature.




----------------------------------------
Segment 2
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:version --> – Version { data-toc-label="Version" } (h3)

The tag symbol in conjunction with a version number denotes when a specific
feature or behavior was added. Make sure you're at least on this version
if you want to use it.




----------------------------------------
Segment 3
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:version insiders- --> – Version (Insiders)  { data-toc-label="Version (Insiders)" } (h3)

The tag symbol with a heart in conjunction with a version number denotes that a
specific feature or behavior was added to the [Insiders] version of Material for
MkDocs.




----------------------------------------
Segment 4
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:default --> – Default value { #default data-toc-label="Default value" } (h3)

Some properties in `mkdocs.yml` have default values for when the author does not
explicitly define them. The default value of the property is always included.



####<!-- md:default computed --> – Default value is computed { #default data-toc-label="is computed" } (h4)

Some default values are not set to static values but computed form other values,
like the site language, repository provider, or other settings.




----------------------------------------
Segment 5
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:default --> – Default value { #default data-toc-label="Default value" } (h3)

Some properties in `mkdocs.yml` have default values for when the author does not
explicitly define them. The default value of the property is always included.



####<!-- md:default none --> – Default value is empty { #default data-toc-label="is empty" } (h4)

Some properties do not contain default values. This means that the functionality
that is associated with them is not available unless explicitly enabled.




----------------------------------------
Segment 6
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:flag metadata --> – Metadata property { #metadata data-toc-label="Metadata property" } (h3)

This symbol denotes that the thing described is a metadata property, which can
be used in Markdown documents as part of the front matter definition.




----------------------------------------
Segment 7
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:flag multiple --> – Multiple instances { #multiple-instances data-toc-label="Multiple instances" } (h3)

This symbol denotes that the plugin supports multiple instances, i.e, that it
can be used multiple times in the `plugins` setting in `mkdocs.yml`.




----------------------------------------
Segment 8
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:feature --> – Optional feature { #feature data-toc-label="Optional feature" } (h3)

Most of the features are hidden behind feature flags, which means they must
be explicitly enabled via `mkdocs.yml`. This allows for the existence of
potentially orthogonal features.




----------------------------------------
Segment 9
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:flag experimental --> – Experimental { data-toc-label="Experimental" } (h3)

Some newer features are still considered experimental, which means they might
(although rarely) change at any time, including their complete removal (which
hasn't happened yet).




----------------------------------------
Segment 10
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:plugin --> – Plugin { data-toc-label="Plugin" } (h3)

Several features are implemented through MkDocs excellent plugin architecture,
some of which are built-in and distributed with Material for MkDocs, so no
installation is required.




----------------------------------------
Segment 11
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:extension --> – Markdown extension { data-toc-label="Markdown extension" } (h3)

This symbol denotes that the thing described is a Markdown extension, which can
be enabled in `mkdocs.yml` and adds additional functionality to the Markdown
parser.




----------------------------------------
Segment 12
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:flag required --> – Required value { #required data-toc-label="Required value" } (h3)

Some (very few in fact) properties or settings are required, which means the
authors must explicitly define them.




----------------------------------------
Segment 13
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:flag customization --> – Customization { #customization data-toc-label="Customization" } (h3)

This symbol denotes that the thing described is a customization that must be
added by the author.




----------------------------------------
Segment 13
#Conventions (h1)

This section explains several conventions used in this documentation.



##Symbols (h2)

This documentation use some symbols for illustration purposes. Before you read
on, please make sure you've made yourself familiar with the following list of
conventions:



###<!-- md:utility --> – Utility { data-toc-label="Utility" } (h3)

Besides plugins, there are some utilities that build on top of MkDocs in order
to provide extended functionality, like for example support for versioning.

  [Insiders]: insiders/index.md



----------------------------------------
